#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "palatino" "default"
\font_sans "helvet" "default"
\font_typewriter "courier" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 95 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 0
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Kleptography: Using Cryptography against Cryptography
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
A Summary by Kevin Burk and Ashwini Patil
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper introduces Kleptography and how to use cryptographic techniques
 against the Diffie-Hellman protocol.
 Kleptography, as defined in the paper is the "study of stealing information
 securely and subliminally." The authors had previously introduced the concept
 of SETUP (Secretly Embedded Trapdoor with Universal Protection), which
 was designed such that it gives a unique advantage to the attacker.
 A SETUP is an algorithm that can be used to leak encrypted secret key informati
on, when present within a cryptosystem.
 They discuss this concept again, in the context of Diffie-Hellman key exchanges.
 The paper can be applied to applications such as chip-and-pin card transactions
 and generation of RSA keys.
 We will be talking about how "black box" devices like USB tokens or chip
 cards can be designed to leak their keys in such a way that only the designer
 can recover them - or indeed know that keys are being leaked at all.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The authors discuss the Diffie-Hellman key exchange protocol, and further
 go on to prove how it can be compromised using a strong attack based on
 the discrete logarithm problem.
 They also discuss the security of this attack from the attacker's point
 of view.
 The attacker can steal secrets in an exclusive and subliminal manner, implying
 that the attack is not traceable by anyone but the attacker.
 The concept of a strong SETUP is introduced in this paper and further used
 to attack the Diffie-Hellman key exchange protocol, in comparison to earlier
 used weak SETUPs.
 Here lies the novelty of this paper.
 Earlier attacks employing weak SETUPs were cryptographically insecure in
 the sense that the owner of the device was able to detect that his/her
 secret was compromised.
 The idea of m out of n (bits) leakage bandwidth is also a new concept in
 this paper.
 The authors then go on to discuss the Probabilistic Bias Removal Method.
 It presents a method to obtain larger uniform random numbers for RSA key
 generation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While going through the paper, we were very intrigued by the wide range
 of applications that the paper's concepts could be applied to.
 Additionally, the fact that anything with extra code present could be accessing
 your secret information, without your knowledge, was astounding.
 It is believed that the Dual_EC_DRBG cryptographically secure random number
 generator, is with only minor modifications, equivalent to the Young-Yung
 backdoor from this paper, presented at Eurocrypt in 1997.
 While the paper was very interesting, one thing that we disliked about
 the paper was the way certain variables were randomly used in mathematical
 proofs without them being defined earlier.
 However, we were able to figure out what the variables represented from
 their significance in the proofs, and this did not pose to be much of an
 issue with understanding what the paper is trying to convey.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In conclusion, the paper presented a well-rounded proof of the attack (with
 subsequent theorems included in the paper) and how it works on the Diffie-Hellm
an key exchange protocol.
 We definitely recommend reading this paper.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
